OK so let's keep going this.
I'm sorry I had to stop it.
The video went along and I think my neighbor was having a fight outside my door.
And I think he has a drinking problem sorry for that.
Don't tell anybody.
So OK let's keep going with this.
Are going to have a link and right here we need to kind of set the route for this.
So this one is going to be just like this.
They're going to have for Slash and we can go to teams.
It's going to be go to team actually Singler and then forward slash.
And what we need to do is to pass the the item name you know the name of the team.
If I go to Celtic I hear teams Celtic.
So we don't get to go.
We're going to use the idea that we're going to use the name of the team.
So it's going to be teams and then item name.
Right.
With each iteration we need a key.
So I'm going to say key and then item doesn't Id use the ID we're going to have a class so it's going
to be class name and the class name is going to be a team item team item.
Now let me make a wrap.
OK.
So with each team we can have an image right here.
So I'm going to create an image tag and image that is going to have an alt and the old is going to be
item that name right.
You can have a source.
And of course the source you can to use template strings to do this.
And again it's going to be images for Slash then teams for Slash and then just the name of the logo
is going to be item that logo.
And then of course we close the image.
So if we reload the page you're going to get a list of all the teams going to be really really ugly.
You know let's get now to show this.
We're going to use CSSA transition group so I'm going to go right here at the bottom and create the
tag for this.
We've imported this at the top right here.
So we can make use of it and we'll go and wrap everything inside CSSA transition's group by open and
close virga.
We're going to put the list of teams inside.
So now whenever i just render this I'm going to get an error and handle rejection.
The thing is that with CSSA transitions group we need to set to put some SENEX.
So what I'm going to do I'm going to put the settings inside of our will.
So I'm going to say that dot dot dot.
And the name of my animation is going to be fade and then just on the animation.
Now I'm going to go right here the top and just create the settings for this animation.
So I'm going to say Konst and then Faid animation.
This is going to be equal to what we need to do first when you transition name it's going to be transition
and then name and this one it's going to be Fate Yeah but right.
So which we need to set three different types of animation.
We need the transitional peer.
OK.
And what else do we need.
We need to transition Pyr decision enter and the transition bellyfull course.
So it's going to be transition then appear and the transition appear we're going to set it to True.
Then we need to set the time out of this.
So I'm just going to copy paste and set timeout right and the time out I'm going to use 500 for this.
The next one is going to be the transition.
Enter.
So I'm going to say transition and then enter and then over again it can be true and we need to set
the time out so I'm going to copy paste and set time out right.
That time out again 500.
Very good.
Time out.
Good.
I'll do the same thing but this time.
Very good.
So again we need one more.
It's going to be the transitional leave so I'm going to say transition and then leave.
And this one is going to be true.
And then we need to set the time out so we're just going to copy paste and time out.
Burguet is going to be 500 Right.
Right from the start it's going to work.
But you know we're not going to get that the this effect.
We need to add some CSSA.
So I'm going to go to the styles and begin to do it now.
I'm going to add the the settings for this for this faith animation.
So if you go and you can just go ahead and and copy it from get help going to do it right here.
So it's going to be first.
It's going to be the fade and then appear and the fade appear.
It's going to start with an opacity of zero dot 0 1.
Now we have the fate appear and the fate appear active.
So I was going to say Faid appear dot Faid appear Dorsch active and this one is going to be in a city
of 1 0 1 and we need to create transmission.
So it is going to be a transition.
And then it's going to say we're going to grant the opacity we have right here and we can do the transition
for that.
It's going to be half second.
So it's 500 milliseconds.
Now if we do this or we do this it's the same thing you know.
So it's going to be dot 5 0 5 and then just as like it and we can use is in.
Right.
So this is the first thing.
So let's do the other ones.
In theory it should be working.
I know it's not working.
Let's check it out.
Transition appear it's going to be fade.
So everything looks nice.
Time out.
If you made a mistake let's just continue with this and then I'll just check what's going on.
You're going to have the Faid answer Oh no sorry it's fine.
It's going to have it we're going to use just the fade answer because this items are not on the render
day are just entering after we do the fetch.
So we're going to do the same thing going to set the opacity for fate.
Enter And then we need to set the capacity for Faid enter active so active.
And now again the capacity is going to be one.
I'm just going to copy off this and paste it right here.
You know we already did this which is Titian's.
OK so that's fine.
Let's do the Fed the Fed leave.
It's going to be fade and then just leave.
And with the fatefully you've been just again a passerby one.
And then we just put the faith leave active.
All right.
Fade leave.
And then just active good
active.
I know same idea.
I'm just going to copy all of this and paste it right here and now I've noticed I made a mistake right
here on the faith enter active.
I didn't set the capacity and the capacity is going to be one OK he's going to show it.
Whenever we go to enter.
So there you go.
We have the transition.
So if I just reload the page the items are entering.
So it's working but it's good again.
Nice.
So now what we need to do we need to set them to go to the teams right go so what we need to do whenever
we type something on the screen we need to make this Filcher functioning right now.
So let's go to the next section and do the filtering for now.